feat: wire BYOK providers (#240)
microsoft/waza: site/src/content/docs/reference/cli.mdx

### Authentication

> Requires Copilot authentication when using the default provider. If not authenticated, you will see:

Reviewer: **[MEDIUM]** Documentation: `waza models` still calls the model list API directly and does not create or resume a session with the custom `ProviderConfig`. Users who set `COPILOT_BASE_URL` from this page will still hit the `copilot login` auth path for this command. Keep `waza models` documented as requiring Copilot auth, or explicitly note that custom provider settings only apply to session-based commands such as `run` and `quality`.

```suggestion
Requires Copilot authentication. Custom provider configuration only applies when creating or resuming Copilot SDK sessions. If not authenticated, you will see:
```
